Student:Cuiqing Li

Github account:tiandiao123

Submitted Date: 8/8/2016
 
Description:
    First of all, the run_analysis should be in the UCI HAR Dataset directory, which means that it should be in the same directory as features.txt. Also, my tidy data set is in cleandata.xlsx which is generated by run_analysis.R
    The run_analysis.R is used to handle all the analysis in this project. In this R script file(run_analysis.R), I used two variables data_train and data_test to get data sets from train/X_train.txt and test/X_test.txt through read.table functions. Also, the program get their coressponding label number from train/y_train.txt and test/y_test.txt. After that, the progam bind label numbers with data_train and data_test seperately. Then, the program gives the data sets column names using the data read from features.txt.
    Next, the program combine data_train and data_test to store them in variable callled total_data. After that, based on the information in the activity_labels.txt, I renamed the label names in the total_data. Then, I used grepl functions to extract only the measurements on the mean and standard deviation for each measurement. Then, we store them in another variable final_data. 
    Also, I exteact subject id from subject_train.txt and subject_test.txt and combine them so that we can add them into the final_data we just get! 
    Then, I group final_data into  parts based on the activity names and subject_id,and compute their average value using mean functions. Then, convert those data into a data.frame variable called hello_data. Then,I write hello_data into a txt file called cleandata.txt.
    
